# User Guide

A user can interact with our updated version of Covey.Town as either a persistent user or as a guest. 

If a user would like to access Covey.Town without an account, they can click the “Continue As Guest” button on the log in screen. They will then be directed to the 
Covey.Town home screen, which displays the camera settings, as well as options to join an existing town or to create and join a new one. The left side of the home 
screen contains the user’s profile. Since the user is a guest, they are given the default username “guest”, and the display name field is blank. The username cannot
be updated, but the display name can be updated by clicking in the text box that holds the display name and typing one in. If the guest user decides that they would
like to create an account, they can click on the “Create New Account” button, which is under the display name, and enter a unique username, display name, email 
address, and a unique password. Once all the fields have been filled in, the user can click “Create Account” at the bottom of the form, and they will now have an 
account, and the profile section of the home screen will contain the new credentials they just created.

If a user already has an account, they can enter the email and password associated with their account into the associated fields on the log in page and click the 
“Log In” button. This will bring them to the Covey.Town home screen, with their profile on the left side of the screen. They cannot change their username, but they
can change their display name by clicking in the text box that holds the display name, deleting it, and typing a new one. Their profile also contains a friends 
list, which lists the usernames of all of their friends. If one of their friends is online and in a room, in parenthesis next to their username it will either say 
“private room” if they are currently in a private room, or it will say the room ID if they are in a public room so that the user can join the same room as their 
friend. At the bottom of the friends list, there is also a list of the usernames who have sent the user a friend request, which the user needs to accept or deny, 
and a list of the usernames who the user has sent a friend request to and is waiting for a response. Once the user accepts a friend request, the new friend’s 
username is added to their friends list, and is removed from the pending list. If the user denies a friend request, that username does not get added to their 
friends list, and is removed from the pending list. A user can also add friends by typing in the username of the friend they want to add in the text field at the 
bottom of their profile section and clicking the “Add Friend” button. The username will be added to the sent list, and will only be added to the friends list once 
that user accepts. If that user denies the request, the username will be removed from the sent list and not added to the friends list. A user can also remove a 
friend by typing the username of the friend they want to remove into the text box at the bottom of the profile section and clicking the “Remove Friend” button. 
This will remove that username from the friends list.

There is also a “Create New Account” button on the log in page so that a user can create an account before they enter the Covey.Town application. Clicking this 
button opens a form where the user can enter a unique username, display name, email address, and a unique password. Once all the fields have been filled in, the 
user can click “Create Account” at the bottom of the form, and they will now have an account, and will be directed to the Covey.Town home screen with the profile 
section containing their new credentials.

Whether the user is using Covey.Town as a guest or an account holder, there is a log out button at the top right of the profile section, which logs the user out of
the application and directs them to the log in screen. There is also a log out button next to the disconnect button when a user is in a room, which also logs them
out of the application and directs them to the log in screen.
